Unit Culminating Reflections (B or A Tiers)  
One week after the end of each unit, students may submit a culminating reflection. There are 
two versions of this assignment: an A-tier version that is longer and requires additional reading 
or research and a B-tier version that is shorter and does not require additional reading or 
research. You may only do one of these per unit, B or A. 
• B-Tier (20 CP x3): By default, these will be essays written in response to recommended 
prompts that I distribute at the beginning of each unit. If you want to write about a topic 
from the unit not covered by these prompts or use an alternative format that better 
reflects your learning goals like painting, a song, a film, a podcast episode, etc. (but not 
a meme for this one), let me know in your private reflections and we can work out the 
details together. To successfully complete these assignments, you must demonstrate 
your familiarity with the unit’s material, your ability to make connections between the 
various topics we have discussed, and your ability to think analytically about the 
material. If you need to submit late, just let me know.  
• A-Tier (25 CP x3): If you wish to earn enough CP to reach A-tier completion, you should 
expand upon what they learned in class by finding and consulting an outside source that 
expands on what you have learned in the current unit. This source should usually be an 
academic article or chapter but can also be a religious text or even an interview. This 
source should then be integrated with what you’ve learned in the current unit and 
presented in the form of an essay or alternate format that better reflects your goals. If 
you are writing an essay, you may use the distributed prompts, but you are free to pitch 
other ideas in your private reflections.  
• First Unit: 800 words for B Tier or 1000 words for A Tier, due Mar 4 
• Second Unit: 1000 words for B Tier or 1250 words for A Tier, due Apr 1 
• Third Unit: 1200 words for B Tier or 1500 words for A Tier, deadline set by registrar 
